<h1>Cucumber Features : Netbeans Module (1.2.3)</h1>

<h2>Install</h2>
	
# Download file info-cukes-feature.nbm:
## from the build directory using GIT
## OR from my "modules":http://members.chello.at/server/modules.html page on my webpage
## OR from the "Netbeans Plugins":http://plugins.netbeans.org/PluginPortal/faces/PluginDetailPage.jsp?pluginid=17939
# Open NetBeans and go to Tools -> Plugins
# In the Plugins dialog click on the "Downloaded" tab
# Click "Add Plugins..."
# Browse to where ever you downloaded the .nbm file, select it and click "Open"
# Last, click on "Install".


<h2>Usage</h2>

Create a new empty file with .feature ending and start editing.

OR

Go to File -> New File and choose 'Cucumber' and 'FeatureTemplate.feature'

<h3>Changing Colors</h3>

Since Version 1.2.2 it is possible to customize the colors so that you can use your own preferred ones.

# Go to Tools -> Options -> Miscellaneous
# Select "Cucumber Feature Options"
# Select your Colors:
## press "Choose" of the desired option
## select your desired color
## press "Okay"
# Save them by pressing "Okay"
# Restart NetBeans

You have to restart netbeans, since the colors for the module are loaded only once at the start of NetBeans

More customizations like bold or italic will follow soon.

<h2>Troubleshooting</h2>

<b>I have messed up the colors and now I want to have the default colors</b>

On Windows: Go to C:\Documents and Settings\<username>\.netbeans\<netbeans_version>\config\Preferences\info\cukes and delete the 'feature.properties' file

On Linux: Go to ~/.netbeans/<netbeans_version>/config/Preferences/info/cukes and delete the 'feature.file'

Restart NetBeans afterwards.

<b>Feature: Installation</b>

Scenario: Try to install new version

Given this module was designed for _version_
And testet with _version_
| version |
| 6.5.1   |
| 6.7.RC2 |
| 6.7.RC3 |
And I try to install it
When there is an error
Then I "contact":http://github.com/QuBiT/cucumber-netbeans-plugin/issues the developer and send him the error message.

<b>I get an error ...</b>

Go to "Issues":http://github.com/QuBiT/cucumber-netbeans-plugin/issues and open and issue.

<b>I have a question or proposal or ...</b>

Write me a message or open an Issue

<h2>History</h2>

<b>Changes in Version 1.2.3 (17th June 2009)</b>
* more freedom for the user (less restrictive)
* added missing keyword
* last release before NetBeans releases the final version of 6.7 (see Development for more Information)

<b>New in Version 1.2.2 (15th June 2009)</b>

* Custom Colors (see Changing Colors)

<b>Changes in Version 1.2.1 (13th June 2009)</b>

* just code changes to optimize and simplify grammer
* more freedom for the user :)

<b>New in Version 1.2.0 (12th June 2009)</b>

* Integration into NetBeans (File->New File)
* Template File
* Code Folding for Scenario, Background and Examples

<b>New in Version 1.1.9 (11th June 2009)</b>

* Multiline Strings (PyString)

<h2>Next Goals</h2>

* Indentation (currently only available for Feature, not for Scenarios)
* Tooltips
* Language Support: currenty English and French(experimental--> can be found in build directory)
* ... propose something ... :-)

<h2>Language Support</h2>

As Cucumber supports multiple languages, I also want to support multiple languages, but as this is not so easy and needs some work, I'll only support languages which are really needed and requested from other people.

<b> How to request this module supporting a different language </b>

Open an issue with the following topic: "Language REQUEST: EN" where EN is substituted with your requested language. If such a issue allready exists, please do not open a new one, instead write a comment to the existing issue.

You can also provide a list of keywords with translation, which are not listet "here":http://github.com/aslakhellesoy/cucumber/blob/master/lib/cucumber/languages.yml and should also be included. (Useful to highlight the Feature Description: As a developer, I want to ..., In order to ,...)

<b> if there are more then ? People, where ? is not decided yet, I'll start translating it. </b>

<h2>Development</h2>

<b>REMARK:</b> This project is based on the "GLF Module":http://languages.netbeans.org/ which is no longer supported by NetBeans (the package is deprecated in 6.7, but still usable). If the support for this module is completly removed, then this module will no longer work and has to be rewritten using a different technique. If this happens, please be patient, because my spare time is limited and since I only use NetBeans to write my Cucumber Features, I have very little motiviation to reinvent the module, only because NetBeans do not longer support the GLF module in their new version.

This project can be found on GitHub at the following URL:

"http://github.com/QuBiT/cucumber-netbeans-plugin":http://github.com/QuBiT/cucumber-netbeans-plugin

If you wish any additional features, then please contact me.

If you know how to extend this plugin, feel free to fork this project and inform me when you are done, so that I can pull you changes into this project.

If you want to collaborate, contact me also.

<h2>Thanks</h2>

to all people who are using this plugin/module and tell other people about it.

<h2>Contact</h2>

* write me a message
* open an issue 

you can also:

* follow me on "Twitter":http://twitter.com/roland_guem

<h2>License</h2>

Copyright (c) 2009 Roland Guem

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
