= Cucumber Features : Netbeans Module

== Install
	
1. Download file info-cukes-feature.nbm from the build directory OR http://members.chello.at/server/modules.html OR Netbeans Plugins
2. Open NetBeans and go to Tools -> Plugins
3. In the Plugins dialog click on the "Downloaded" tab
4. Click "Add Plugins..."
5. Browse to where ever you downloaded the .nbm file, select it and click "Open"
6. Last, click on "Install".

== Usage

Create a new empty file and name it <your_name>.feature and start editing.

== Troubleshooting

<b>I get an error which I do not understand.</b>

Go to http://github.com/QuBiT/cucumber-netbeans-plugin/issues and open and issue or write me a message.

== History

<b>New in Version 1.2.0 (12th June 2009)</b>

* Integration into NetBeans (File->New File)
* Template File
* Code Folding for Scenario, Background and Examples
* Major code changes

<b>New in Version 1.1.9 (11th June 2009)</b>

* Multiline Strings (PyString)

== Next Goals

* Multiline Descriptions (available in Version 1.1.9, temporally removed through structural changes)
* Indentation (currently only available for Feature, not for Scenarios)
* Tooltips
* ... propose something ... :-)

== Development

This project can be found on github at the following URL.

http://github.com/QuBiT/cucumber-netbeans-plugin

If you wish the additional features, then please contact me.

If you wish different colors, please stay tuned, i'll try to find a solution for changing the colors dynamically.

If you know how to extend this plugin, feel free to fork this project and inform me when you are done, so that I can pull you changes into this project.

If you want to collaborate, contact me also.

== Thanks

to all people who are using this plugin/module and tell other people about it.

== Contact

* write me a message
* open an issue 

you can also:

* follow me on twitter: http://twitter.com/roland_guem

== License

Copyright (c) 2009 Roland Guem

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
